4.5 release page (#1138)
godotengine/godot-website: collections/_release_4_5/entry-general-editor-paste-as-unique-option.md

---
type: entry
section: general
subsection: editor
rank: 7
importance: 4
anchor: paste-as-unique-option
title: "\"Paste as unique\" option"
text: |

>   When copying then pasting a resource in an editor inspector slot, it usually pastes a reference to the copied resources. You had to manually click afterwards on "Make Unique" in order to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When copying and pasting a resource in an editor inspector slot, it usually pastes a reference to the copied resources. You had to manually click afterwards on "Make Unique" in order to do so.
```
or
```suggestion
  When copying and then pasting a resource in an editor inspector slot, it usually pastes a reference to the copied resources. You had to manually click afterwards on "Make Unique" in order to do so.
```

Author: Chose the second one.

>   When copying then pasting a resource in an editor inspector slot, it usually pastes a reference to the copied resources. You had to manually click afterwards on "Make Unique" in order to do so.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  When copying then pasting a resource in an editor inspector slot, it usually pastes a reference to the copied resources. If you wanted a unique copy instead, you had to manually click afterwards on "Make Unique".
```

>   When copying and then pasting a resource in an editor inspector slot, it usually pastes a reference to the copied resources. If you wanted a unique copy instead, you had to manually click afterwards on "Make Unique".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When copying and then pasting a resource in an editor inspector slot, it usually pastes a reference to the copied resources. If you wanted a unique copy instead, you had to manually click on "Make Unique" afterwards.
```

>   Now, the new "Paste as Unique" option available in the resource picker dropdown makes the operation way less tedious.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Now, the new "Paste as Unique" option is available in the resource picker dropdown makes the operation way less tedious.
```

Reviewer 2: If you added "is" there, you would need to also add something like a "which" between "dropdown" and "makes". And probably change "the new" to "a new".

Personally I think the sentence was OK without the "is".

Reviewer: That's true

Reviewer: The sentence is a bit run-on as is which I think it what I reacted to, so I'd say:
```suggestion
  Now, the new "Paste as Unique" option, available in the resource picker dropdown, makes the operation way less tedious.
```
